Need to install the following packages:
  documentation@14.0.2
Ok to proceed? (y) <!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [PcBackofficeApp][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
    *   [Examples][3]
    *   [addons][4]
    *   [appState][5]
    *   [bindEvents][6]
        *   [Examples][7]
    *   [bindTurboFrameEvents][8]
    *   [csrfTokenInput][9]
    *   [csrfTokenValue][10]
    *   [initialize][11]
        *   [Examples][12]
    *   [onTurboFrameMissing][13]
        *   [Parameters][14]
        *   [Examples][15]
    *   [unbindEvents][16]
        *   [Examples][17]
    *   [LOCALSTORAGE\_KEY][18]
    *   [META\_CSRF\_SELECTOR][19]
*   [Core features][20]
*   [PcUtils][21]
    *   [addLoadEvent][22]
        *   [Parameters][23]
    *   [debounce][24]
        *   [Parameters][25]
*   [KeyboardKeyCode][26]
    *   [Examples][27]
*   [NonConstructableUtils][28]
    *   [Examples][29]
*   [PcEventHandler][30]
    *   [Examples][31]
    *   [off][32]
        *   [Parameters][33]
        *   [Examples][34]
    *   [on][35]
        *   [Parameters][36]
        *   [Examples][37]
    *   [one][38]
        *   [Parameters][39]
        *   [Examples][40]
    *   [trigger][41]
        *   [Parameters][42]
        *   [Examples][43]
*   [PcAddOn][44]
    *   [Parameters][45]
    *   [Examples][46]
    *   [\_preventDefault][47]
        *   [Parameters][48]
    *   [\_preventSubmitOnEnter][49]
        *   [Parameters][50]
    *   [bindEvents][51]
        *   [Examples][52]
    *   [initialize][53]
    *   [rebindEvents][54]
        *   [Examples][55]
    *   [saveState][56]
        *   [Parameters][57]
        *   [Examples][58]
    *   [unbindEvents][59]
        *   [Examples][60]
*   [Add Ons features][61]
*   [BsTooltips][62]
*   [e][63]
*   [PcTableMultiSelect][64]
    *   [Examples][65]
    *   [ID][66]
*   [PcTomSelectField][67]
    *   [Examples][68]
    *   [ID][69]
*   [PcBatchActionForm][70]
    *   [Examples][71]
*   [PcConfirmModal][72]
    *   [Examples][73]
*   [PcFieldList][74]
*   [PcFilterDataset][75]
    *   [Examples][76]
*   [PcFormField][77]
*   [PcFormsCheckValidity][78]
*   [PcOverrideCustomTextareaEnter][79]
    *   [Examples][80]
*   [PcPostalAddressAutocomplete][81]
    *   [Examples][82]
*   [PcRegistrationSteps][83]
*   [PcResetModalTurboSrc][84]
    *   [Examples][85]
*   [PcValidationFilters][86]
    *   [Examples][87]
*   [prototype][88]

## PcBackofficeApp

Creates an instance for your application entrypoint that initializes the Backoffice application.

This documentation was generated by documentation js.
See below for how to regenerate the documentation or initialize the application.

### Parameters

*   `config` **{addOns: [Array][89]<[PcAddOn][44]>}** the application configuration.

    *   `config.addOns` &#x20;

### Examples

```javascript
// Re-generate this documentation (nodejs 6+ required)
npx documentation build src/pcapi/static/backofficev3/js/** \
  --config src/pcapi/routes/backoffice_v3/docs/jsdoc-config.yml \
  --format md \
  --sort-order alpha > src/pcapi/routes/backoffice_v3/docs/JSDOC.md
```

```javascript
// To initialize the application, within the `<head>` of the HTML document:
const app = new BackofficeApp({
  addOns: [
    // add custom JavaScript addons here
  ],
})
```

### addons

Each application's addons instance is available from within the `app` instance through `app.addons[name]`.
You can also access the addon by setting a unique `static ID` within the addon, this is particularly useful
when you need to reference an addon from another one in order to prevent the code from breaking if the name changes.

### appState

This is the JS application state. It is used by PcAddOn and allow partial persistence of any addon state using `addon.saveState(state)`

### bindEvents

This method is automatically called on window `load` event and will run each addon's bindEvents method.
When using XHR, it can be useful to rerun the bindEvents method on XHR response after DOM modification.

#### Examples

```javascript
// To manually bind all addons
app.bindEvents()
```

```javascript
// To manually bind a specific addon
app.addons.bsTooltips.unbindEvents()
```

### bindTurboFrameEvents

This method is automatically called on window `load` event and will bind turbo frame events.
We have 3 turbo events binding at the moments:

1.  `turbo:before-frame-render`: trigger `app.unbindEvents` on XHR response right before frame render,
2.  `turbo:frame-load`: trigger `app.bindEvents` on XHR response right after frame load,
3.  `turbo:before-visit`: trigger `app.unbindEvents` on XHR before visit navigation,
4.  `turbo:load`: trigger `app.initialize` and `app.bindEvents` on XHR visit navigation load,
5.  `turbo:frame-missing`: trigger `app.onTurboFrameMissing` on XHR response if the `id` of the turbo frame doesn't exist.

Read more: [https://turbo.hotwired.dev/reference/events][90]

### csrfTokenInput

Return CSRF html input string

### csrfTokenValue

Return the current CSRF token value

### initialize

This method is automatically called on window `load` event and will run each addon's initialize method.
When using XHR, it can be useful to rerun the initialization, or initialize a specific addon.

#### Examples

```javascript
// To manually initialize all addons
app.initialize()
```

```javascript
// To manually initialize a specific addon
app.addons.bsTooltips.initialize()
```

### onTurboFrameMissing

Handle server-side errors without a turbo-frame.
Default behaviour since turbo 7.2 is to display a full page with the error content.
For example, if nginx throws a 504 error because the flask controller did not respond in time,
the whole page will be replaced by a generic 504 error message, which is not great in terms of UX.

#### Parameters

*   `event` **[Event][91]**&#x20;

#### Examples

```javascript
addEventListener("turbo:frame-missing", app.onTurboFrameMissing)
```

### unbindEvents

This method is not called automatically.
It runs each addon's unbindEvents method.
When using XHR, it can be useful to run the unbindEvents method prior XHR request to edit the DOM.

#### Examples

```javascript
// To manually unbind all addons
app.unbindEvents()
```

```javascript
// To manually unbind a specific addon
app.addons.bsTooltips.unbindEvents()
```

### LOCALSTORAGE\_KEY

This static string is used as the localStorage key for the application.

### META\_CSRF\_SELECTOR

This static string is used to retrieve the current csrf token

## Core features

Those are the core features

## PcUtils

**Extends NonConstructableUtils**

This class is used to store transversal application utilities.

### addLoadEvent

Push a callback function to window.onload

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **[function][92]** the function to be called on `window.onload`

### debounce

Debounce a function (prevents function to be called until a certain delay. Can be useful for autocompletion)

#### Parameters

*   `callback` **[function][92]** the function to debounce
*   `ms` **[number][93]** the debounce delay in milliseconds

Returns **[function][92]** the debounced function

## KeyboardKeyCode

**Extends NonConstructableUtils**

Store some useful JavaScript Keyboard events keycode statically

### Examples

```javascript
// return 13
KeyboardKeyCode.ENTER
```

## NonConstructableUtils

This abstract class is used to create new utilities.
It uses a protection to prevent using anything but static methods.

### Examples

```javascript
// To create a new utility:
class PcNewToolBox extends NonConstructableUtils {
  static doSomething() {
    return "do"
  }
}
```

```javascript
// usage
PcNewToolBox.doSomething()
// fail
new PcNewToolBox()
```

## PcEventHandler

This singleton utility class can be used to bind/unbind event in the style of `jQuery.on`/`jQuery.off`.

It is heavily inspired from Bootstrap (v5.3.0-alpha1): `dom/event-handler.js`

Original source: [https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/cf9454caa00872899215603e5e036d9a824b1b11/js/src/dom/event-handler.js][94]

As the original source, this addon is licensed as MIT.

The event will have:

*   `event.target`: the target DOM element.
*   `event.delegateTarget`: the parent DOM element that hold the bind.

Each addon must have a `bindEvents` and `unbindEvent` method,
and can have an `initialize` method which will be called on document load.

### Examples

```javascript
// We must add DOM events using PcAddOn class.
class PcLoggingOnImage extend PcAddOn {
  bindEvents() {
    // bind events
    EventHandler.on(document.body, 'click', 'img', this.#onClick)
  }

  unbindEvents() {
    // unbind events (revert)
    EventHandler.off(document.body, 'click', 'img', this.#onClick)
  }

  #onClick() {
    console.log('Image as been clicked!')
  }
}
```

### off

Read more: [https://api.jquery.com/off/#off-events-selector-data][95]

#### Parameters

*   `element` **[element][96]** the parent element to unbind from
*   `originalTypeEvent` **[string][97]** the event name to unbind
*   `handler` **[string][97]** the selector for element bind apply
*   `delegationFunction` **[function][92]** the event method to unbind

#### Examples

```javascript
EventHandler.off(document.body, 'click', '.nav-link', onNavLinkClick)
```

### on

Read more: [https://api.jquery.com/on/#on-events-selector-data][98]

#### Parameters

*   `element` **[element][96]** the parent element to apply bind
*   `event` **[string][97]** the event name to bind
*   `handler` **[string][97]** the selector for elements bind apply
*   `delegationFunction` **[function][92]** the event method to bind

#### Examples

```javascript
EventHandler.on(document.body, 'click', '.nav-link', onNavLinkClick)
```

### one

Read more: [https://api.jquery.com/one/#one-events-selector-data][99]

#### Parameters

*   `element` **[element][96]** the parent element to apply bind
*   `event` **[string][97]** the event name to bind
*   `handler` **[string][97]** the selector for element bind apply
*   `delegationFunction` **[function][92]** the event method to bind

#### Examples

```javascript
EventHandler.one(document.body, 'click', '.nav-link#something', onNavLinkClick)
```

### trigger

Read more: [https://api.jquery.com/trigger/#trigger-events-selector-data][100]

#### Parameters

*   `element` **[element][96]** DOM element to trigger event on
*   `event` **[string][97]** The event to trigger
*   `args` **any** Arguments to be passed to the event

#### Examples

```javascript
EventHandler.trigger(document.querySelectorAll('.nav-link')[2], 'click')
```

Returns **(null | [Event][91])** null if element is undefined or event is not a string, the triggered event otherwise

## PcAddOn

This abstract class can be extended to create new addon for new JavaScript features.

**It is mandatory to use it each time one needs to add JavaScript features!**

### Parameters

*   `config` **{name: [string][97], app: [PcBackofficeApp][1], addOnState: any}** the addon configuration

    *   `config.name` &#x20;
    *   `config.app` &#x20;
    *   `config.addOnState` &#x20;

### Examples

```javascript
class ExampleAddOn extend PcAddOn {
  // Unique identifier in case you need to reference this addon from another addon.
  // This is useful for preventing errors when renaming an addon.
  static ID = 'ExampleAddOnId'

  initialize() {
    // prepare the DOM if necessary
  }
  bindEvents() {
    // bind events
    EventHandler.on(document.body, 'click', this.#onClick)
  }

  unbindEvents() {
    // unbind events (revert)
    EventHandler.off(document.body, 'click', this.#onClick)
  }
}
```

```javascript
// Add it to your app addons:
const app = new PcBackofficeApp({
  addOns: [
    ExampleAddOn, // <-- This is how you mount a new addon into the application.
  ]
})
```

### \_preventDefault

This method is just a repetitive utility that prevents default event.
Can be useful to prevent code duplication between addons when you only need to prevent default event.

#### Parameters

*   `event` **[event][91]** the event

### \_preventSubmitOnEnter

This method is just a repetitive utility that prevents default event when keypress is Enter.
Can be useful to prevent code duplication between addons when you only need to prevent default event.

#### Parameters

*   `event` **[event][91]** the event

### bindEvents

This method binds addons events.
Initialization is already called on document load through instance of `PcBackofficeApp`.
It is called when event `turbo:frame-render` is emitted, prior an XHR call.

#### Examples

```javascript
app.addons.bsTooltips.bindEvents()
```

### initialize

This method initializes the addon.
Initialization is already called on document load through instance of `PcBackofficeApp`

### rebindEvents

This method unbinds and rebinds addons events.

#### Examples

```javascript
app.addons.bsTooltips.unbindEvents()
```

### saveState

This method saves the addon's new state in localStorage

#### Parameters

*   `state` **any** the addon new state to be persisted

#### Examples

```javascript
// within the addon
this.saveState(this.state)
```

```javascript
// outside the addon
app.addons[name].saveState(newState)
```

### unbindEvents

This method unbinds addons events.
It is called when event `turbo:before-frame-render` is emitted, after an XHR call.

#### Examples

```javascript
app.addons.bsTooltips.unbindEvents()
```

## Add Ons features

Below addons are created using PcAddOn class.

## BsTooltips

**Extends PcAddOn**

This adds PcAddOn support for bootstrap 5 tooltips.
It works using bootstrap 5 html markup.
Read documentation: [https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/tooltips/#examples][101]

## e

Tom Select v2.2.2
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");

## PcTableMultiSelect

**Extends PcAddOn**

Adds select all rows features to a table.

When rows selection change, it emit a `CustomEvent` named `pcTableMultiSelect:change` with:

*   `detail.tableMultiSelectId`: the unique identifier of the table multi select,
*   `detail.rowsIds`: the list of table entities identifier,
*   `detail.selectedRowsIds`: the list of selected identifier.

### Examples

```javascript
// create a new table multi select using HTML markup
<table data-table-multi-select-id="my-unique-id">
  <tr>
    <th><input type="checkbox" name="pc-table-multi-select-check-all"></th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><input type="checkbox" name="pc-table-multi-select-check-example1"></td>
    <td>Example 1</td>
    <td><input type="checkbox" name="pc-table-multi-select-check-example2"></td>
    <td>Example 2</td>
  </tr>
</table>
```

```javascript
// Example of addon which listen for selection change of any pc table multi select
class PcExample extends PcAddOn {
  bindEvents() {
    addEventListener('pcTableMultiSelect:change', this.#onUpdate)
  }

  unbindEvents() {
    removeEventListener('pcTableMultiSelect:change', this.#onUpdate)
  }

  #onUpdate(event) {
    console.log(event.detail)
  }
}
```

### ID

Unique identifier of this addon, in order to reference it from another add on

## PcTomSelectField

**Extends PcAddOn**

Configure TomSelect on a `<select />`.

We have two types of tom select instances:

1.  select field with static options,
2.  select field with dynamic options (xhr autocomplete).

> Use `multiple` HTML attribut on `<select />` if needed.

### Examples

```javascript
// select field
<select class="pc-tom-select-field">
  <option value="1">item #1</option>
  <option value="2">item #2</option>
</select>
```

```javascript
// select field with xhr autocomplete.
// In this example, our backend automatically sets data attributes, this allows the initial render to have the initialValues
<select
  class="pc-tom-select-field pc-tom-select-autocomplete-field"
  data-tomselect-autocomplete-url="/backofficev3/autocomplete/offerers"
  data-tomselect-options="[{\"id\": \"84\", \"text\": \"Cin\u00e9ma - CGR (00000003800058)\"}]"
  data-tomselect-items="[\"84\"]"
></select>
```

### ID

Unique identifier of this addon, in order to reference it from another add on

## PcBatchActionForm

**Extends PcAddOn**

Add batch submit form to selection done using one `selectedRowsIds` within [PcTableMultiSelect][64].

Form is renderer through a turbo frame which must be loaded with `loading="true"`.

> Current integration does not yet support modal rendered with turbo `loading="lazy"`.

To work, each `.btn-group` must set the following attributes:

*   `[data-toggle="pc-batch-confirm-btn-group"]`: this value is fixed,
*   `[data-toggle-id]`: this value must be a unique identifier,
*   `[data-pc-table-multi-select-id]`: this value must be a valid pc table multi select identifier,
*   `[data-input-ids-name]`: this value is used as the input name for storing `selectedIds`.

Within the `.btn-group` container, you can add as many buttons as needed, and you must set some attributes too:

*   `[data-use-confirmation-modal]`: `true` to open a modal to add a comment or `false` to submit directly, (required)
*   `[data-modal-selector]`: this value must be the modal selector that contains the form, (optional)
*   `[data-url]`: this value is required when you do not use confirmation modal (`[data-use-confirmation-modal]`) and should be the `POST` endpoint,
*   `[data-mode]`: set this attributes to `fetch` if you want to use a form data (requires a POST controller),
*   `[data-fetch-url]`: URL that renders the form, it uses `POST` with the `selectedRowsIds` from table multi select.

### Examples

```javascript
<div
  class="btn-group btn-group-sm"
  data-toggle="pc-batch-confirm-btn-group"
  data-toggle-id="table-container-user-offerer-validation-btn-group"
  data-pc-table-multi-select-id="table-container-user-offerer-validation"
  data-input-ids-name="object_ids"
>
  <button
    disabled
    type="button"
    class="btn btn-outline-primary"
    data-url="{{ url_for("backoffice_v3_web.validation.batch_validate_user_offerer") }}"
    data-user-confirmation-modal="false"
  >
    Valider
  </button>
  <button
    disabled
    type="button"
    class="btn btn-outline-primary"
    data-use-confirmation-modal="true"
    data-modal-selector="#batch-pending-modal"
  >
    Mettre en attente
  </button>
  <button
    disabled
    type="button"
    class="btn btn-outline-primary"
    data-use-confirmation-modal="true"
    data-modal-selector="#batch-reject-modal"
  >
    Rejeter
  </button>
</div>

 {{ build_lazy_modal(url_for("backoffice_v3_web.validation.get_batch_user_offerer_pending_form"), "batch-pending-modal", "true") }}
 {{ build_lazy_modal(url_for("backoffice_v3_web.validation.get_batch_reject_user_offerer_form"), "batch-reject-modal", "true") }}
```

## PcConfirmModal

**Extends PcAddOn**

Stores an input initial state and restores if modal gets dismissed.

We have two behaviors:

1.  checkbox: will store the `checked` as initial value
2.  other inputs: will store the `value` as initial value

Add `data-confirm-modal=".my-modal-123"` on your input with `.my-modal-123` being a unique class on your `.modal`.

### Examples

```javascript
<input type="checkbox" value="on" data-confirm-modal=".my-modal" />
<div class="modal my-modal">
    <!-- modal content -->
</div>
```

## PcFieldList

**Extends PcAddOn**

This addon adds support for field list (PcFieldList).

Field list can be used to add or remove new field

## PcFilterDataset

**Extends PcAddOn**

Search input that help filter element based on their dataset and then hide or show their container

On search input:

*   `data-filter-dataset`: to enable this add on (required)
*   `data-filter-context`: selector if you want to target a specific context (default `document.body`)
*   `data-fields`: dataset fields used for filtering
*   `data-on`: selector on which to read dataset on (required)
*   `data-normalise`: set to `true` if you want to ignore accent
*   `data-ignore-case`: set to `true` if you want to ignore case
*   `data-exact`: set to `true` if you want an exact match

Each element targeted with `data-on` must have a parent that contains the required class `pc-filter-dataset`.
This element will hide/show depending on search result.

### Examples

```javascript
<div class="some-container">
  <form class="input-group my-3 px-1">
    <span class="input-group-text bg-white"><i class="bi bi-search"></i></span>
    <input type="text"
           class="form-control col-8 border-start-0"
           name="q"
           value=""
           data-filter-dataset
           data-fields="name,description"
           data-on="input[type='checkbox']"
           data-filter-context=".some-container"
           data-normalize="true"
           data-ignore-case="true"
           data-exact="false"
           aria-describedby="search-icon"
           placeholder="Ex : Gérer les offres, ..."/>
    <button class="btn btn-outline-dark" type="reset" title="supprimer le filtre"><i class="bi bi-x"></i></button>
  </form>
  <div class="pc-filter-dataset">
      <input type="checkbox" value="foo" name="example" data-description="foo" />
  </div>
 <div class="pc-filter-dataset">
      <input type="checkbox" value="bar" name="example" data-description="bar" />
  </div>
<div>
```

## PcFormField

**Extends PcAddOn**

This addon adds support for form field (PcFormField).

Form fields can be used to group multiple fields into one.

## PcFormsCheckValidity

**Extends PcAddOn**

This edits the  default `submit` event on forms.
It internally runs `form.checkValidity()` first and aborts in case of invalid form.

The add on also include a fix for tom select js to support `readonly` attribute.

> There is no markup necessary as this selects all `<form />`

## PcOverrideCustomTextareaEnter

**Extends PcAddOn**

This class tricks the default event of a `<textarea />` by submitting the form on <kbd>ENTER</kbd>,
and goes to the next line on <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>ENTER</kbd> or <kbd>SHIFT</kbd>+<kbd>ENTER</kbd>.

### Examples

```javascript
<textarea class="pc-override-custom-textarea-enter"></textarea>
```

## PcPostalAddressAutocomplete

**Extends PcAddOn**

Renders a postal address autocomplete that fills values in hidden inputs.

It can be used when declaring form fields in the backend using `fields.PcPostalAddressAutocomplete`.

> There is no HTML markup example as it uses a wtforms fields: `postal_address_autocomplete.html`

### Examples

```javascript
// We declare a field mapping to tell what field the autocomplete must set.
// None of them are mandatory, however, you must choose one so your autocomplete can submit something to the backend.

postal_address_autocomplete = fields.PcPostalAddressAutocomplete(
  "Adresse",
  address="address", // the name of your address field within your form, for its autocomplete to work
  city="city", // the name of your city field within your form, for its autocomplete to work
  postalCode="postalCode", // the name of your postalCode field within your form, for its autocomplete to work
  latitude="latitude", // the name of your latitude field within your form, for its autocomplete to work
  longitude="longitude", // the name of your longitude field within your form, for its autocomplete to work
  required=True, // if True, it will add the required attribute to autocomplete the input (default: false)
  hasReset=True, // if True, it will add a reset-to-initial-values button (default: false)
  hasManualEditing=True, // if True, it will propose manual edition (default: false)
  limit=10, // limit of autocomplete choices (default: 10)
)
// Below are the hidden fields, you can decide to add form validators to them.
address = fields.PCOptHiddenField("address") // if selected in the autocomplete, it will be filled in the form
city = fields.PCOptHiddenField("Ville") // if selected in the autocomplete, it will be filled in the form
postalCode = fields.PCOptPostalCodeHiddenField("Code postal") // if selected in the autocomplete, it will be filled in the form
latitude = fields.PCOptHiddenField("Latitude") // if selected in the autocomplete, it will be filled in the form
longitude = fields.PCOptHiddenField("Longitude") // if selected in the autocomplete, it will be filled in the form
```

## PcRegistrationSteps

**Extends PcAddOn**

Add control over the user registration stepper:

*   show step content when available
*   animate progress to active step

Macro template for this addon can be found in `src/pcapi/routes/backoffice_v3/templates/components/public_accounts/registration_steps.html`

## PcResetModalTurboSrc

**Extends PcAddOn**

Allows modal that contains turbo frame to reinitialize its src attribute when opening.

This can be useful to reset a turbo frame when it changes its content using multiple endpoints,
as turbo frame will update its src attribute.

### Examples

```javascript
{% set turbo_src = url_for("backoffice_v3_web.users.get_batch_suspend_users_form") %}
<button class="btn btn-outline-primary lead fw-bold mt-2"
            data-reset-modal-url="{{ turbo_src }}"
            data-bs-toggle="modal"
            data-bs-target="#batch-suspend-users-form"
            type="button">Suspendre des utilisateurs en masse via leur ID</button>
{{ build_lazy_modal(turbo_src, "batch-suspend-users-form") }}
```

## PcValidationFilters

**Extends PcAddOn**

Addon to add filters toggling using a button and make their state persistent.

### Examples

```javascript
<div class="table-example" data-toggle="filters" data-toggle-id="something-unique">
  <button type="button" class="filters-toggle-button" disabled>Chargement...</button>
  <div class="filters-container">
     <!-- add your filters here -->
  </div>
</div>
```

## prototype

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2019 Javan Makhmali

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

[1]: #pcbackofficeapp

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #addons

[5]: #appstate

[6]: #bindevents

[7]: #examples-1

[8]: #bindturboframeevents

[9]: #csrftokeninput

[10]: #csrftokenvalue

[11]: #initialize

[12]: #examples-2

[13]: #onturboframemissing

[14]: #parameters-1

[15]: #examples-3

[16]: #unbindevents

[17]: #examples-4

[18]: #localstorage_key

[19]: #meta_csrf_selector

[20]: #core-features

[21]: #pcutils

[22]: #addloadevent

[23]: #parameters-2

[24]: #debounce

[25]: #parameters-3

[26]: #keyboardkeycode

[27]: #examples-5

[28]: #nonconstructableutils

[29]: #examples-6

[30]: #pceventhandler

[31]: #examples-7

[32]: #off

[33]: #parameters-4

[34]: #examples-8

[35]: #on

[36]: #parameters-5

[37]: #examples-9

[38]: #one

[39]: #parameters-6

[40]: #examples-10

[41]: #trigger

[42]: #parameters-7

[43]: #examples-11

[44]: #pcaddon

[45]: #parameters-8

[46]: #examples-12

[47]: #_preventdefault

[48]: #parameters-9

[49]: #_preventsubmitonenter

[50]: #parameters-10

[51]: #bindevents-1

[52]: #examples-13

[53]: #initialize-1

[54]: #rebindevents

[55]: #examples-14

[56]: #savestate

[57]: #parameters-11

[58]: #examples-15

[59]: #unbindevents-1

[60]: #examples-16

[61]: #add-ons-features

[62]: #bstooltips

[63]: #e

[64]: #pctablemultiselect

[65]: #examples-17

[66]: #id

[67]: #pctomselectfield

[68]: #examples-18

[69]: #id-1

[70]: #pcbatchactionform

[71]: #examples-19

[72]: #pcconfirmmodal

[73]: #examples-20

[74]: #pcfieldlist

[75]: #pcfilterdataset

[76]: #examples-21

[77]: #pcformfield

[78]: #pcformscheckvalidity

[79]: #pcoverridecustomtextareaenter

[80]: #examples-22

[81]: #pcpostaladdressautocomplete

[82]: #examples-23

[83]: #pcregistrationsteps

[84]: #pcresetmodalturbosrc

[85]: #examples-24

[86]: #pcvalidationfilters

[87]: #examples-25

[88]: #prototype

[89]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[90]: https://turbo.hotwired.dev/reference/events

[91]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Event

[92]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[93]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[94]: https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/cf9454caa00872899215603e5e036d9a824b1b11/js/src/dom/event-handler.js

[95]: https://api.jquery.com/off/#off-events-selector-data

[96]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Element

[97]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[98]: https://api.jquery.com/on/#on-events-selector-data

[99]: https://api.jquery.com/one/#one-events-selector-data

[100]: https://api.jquery.com/trigger/#trigger-events-selector-data

[101]: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/tooltips/#examples
